Remote mcp server capability (#199)
kagent-dev/website: src/app/docs/kmcp/deploy/server/page.mdx

   
## Deploy the MCP server

Learn how you can deploy an MCP server in a Kubernetes cluster. Choose between the following options: 

> * [Option 1: Deploy an MCP server with `npx` or `uvx`](#option-2-deploy-an-mcp-server-with-npx-or-uvx): Use an existing npm package to spin up an MCP server instance with `npx` or `uvx`.  

Reviewer: I think the numbers are wrong here
```suggestion
* [Option 1: Deploy an MCP server with `npx` or `uvx`](#option-1-deploy-an-mcp-server-with-npx-or-uvx): Use an existing npm package to spin up an MCP server instance with `npx` or `uvx`.  
```

> * [Option 2: Build and deploy an MCP server](#option-1-build-and-deploy-an-mcp-server): Build a Docker image for your MCP server project. Then, load this image to a kind cluster and deploy an MCP server from it. 

Reviewer: number...also, does it have to be kind cluster, or should it say just cluster?
```suggestion
* [Option 2: Build and deploy an MCP server](#option-2-build-and-deploy-an-mcp-server): Build a Docker image for your MCP server project. Then, load this image to your Kubernetes cluster and deploy an MCP server from it. 
```
